right now we are Madame Tussaud one of
the most popular wax museums in the
world only the most popular celebrities
get to be featured here so today we're
going to try to become wax statues and
see if we can blend in yeah definitely
makeup Super Show this feels weird
just a few shots are they really like
the way a human right now yeah I am that
God hey ready to go yeah me thumbs up do
you think you were
[Music]
hurry up though because everybody stare
there
yeah yeah they'll be like stop doing
that it'll kick us out okay
okay so there's just a lot of people in
here and the wax that's usually wax
really waxed and we don't we should find
a place fast quick o'clock quick with
what we're gonna do what are we doing
get it Matt
[Music]
Theresa
what's your name
I'm on I don't let's get him out of this
looking
it's a him and I'm not
I'm sorry presenter presenter
interactive wax it's a new section of
the museum
[Music]